fix: ensure consistent behavior between JavaScript and C (#12900)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/ext/base/scunone/README.md

## Notes

-   If `N <= 0`, both functions return `out` unchanged.

> -   The function explicitly treats `NaN` values as a falsy value.

Author: ```suggestion
-   Both functions explicitly treat `NaN` values as a falsy value.
```
